hello this is Pingo and i'm here with
the hidden field a 13 I don't know how I
got it unlocked but there let's try it
out let's see I need the poison and the
lime Jim so let's go and there is only
one nest but it can't be destroyed it
seems that we have some manner just try
some towers an amplifier
let's see how this
seems 3ds is just 50 waves and with some
manner many shots or maps with many
shots are always easy so let's just try
to make it quick
and again I'm using a dual gems to have
more damage they have slightly more than
the pure house
let's see still pretty easy
and the first shot is
finish soon
and
yeah I have a lot of manners Oh should
be possible to nail this and first try
shouldn't be any reason to restart
let's try to get some more waves at time
and Sita just die instantly so so easy
by you
we got a small on here
and de- rising straight
just try some more not again and to see
son at 40
and not even a single one has gone
through it
so this one seems like a nice map
the bosses just 169 k it just died with
no proper law
and if I had trouble I could just build
ammo and
kill the by meaning making normal traps
so that was easy but thank you for
watching and be sure to check out my
other videos as well bye bye